how about if our good for now you know
what the difference is between Adolf
Hitler and Al Capone it was dead Capone
was like a king in Florida he has
full-blown dementia I have reason to
believe I could all be an elaborate Act
what's this about we have information
that your client may have tucked away a
very large sum of money and drop
[Music]
guys like you on this place ten million
dollars
if you hadn't get him to talk
go rampage
we made a promise someday we was going
to make it be
the only thing that really matters is
how a magic spell
[Music]
you
hey come on just tell me what happened
tonight
Zach and I broke up oh my god sweetie no
don't don't don't do anything we just
have no idea what I'm going through
you'd be surprised I'll tell you a story
[Music]
you were singing dancing on a fountain
that's how I remember it I go over the
hill to Hollywood
[Applause]
[Music]
let me get out of here where would you
want to go anywhere what would you wanna
do anything
[Music]
he's bad news
you don't date guys like that
maybe that's good for a change
are you doing more those rich people are
gonna hate you themselves I got a
special guest here this evening there's
this fashion College where is it clean
that City
you're not moving across the country
with the guy we've never met you have
this shiny bright perfect life I don't
know how to fit into this
[Music]
everything my friend thought about you
you just prove them right why do you
care what they think
[Music]
it's just me and you
[Applause]
[Music]
Finley Sullivan a slob you lose your
honor very Weaver so hidden behind some
beginner think they do electricity
supply scheme speak a mokuba never not
tested Cassandra a chilly corner today L
tunnel below earlier yet thing digger
born hunter
you know some Slayer
Duncan Sevilla well hello harvesters
males hey Emily
yet I provide
inhale skips [ __ ] hated my fam to where
I've ever Hale here
install of our log EVP on the Nichols
economy OTT of all scheming
I reckon Tarak so ticketing scape then
Helen was the son
Leonard it's time to take your
medication Thank You Carrie I couldn't
get along without you
my new caretaker companion and friend
[Music]
how long did you work for mr. Wellesley
about four and a half months and you
worked here too mr. Kentner just a
couple weeks we're married
we're broke I'll find something I made
it this far
right
apologies miss Franklin I'm mr.
Wellesley attorney he left everything to
you you folks going somewhere we're
moving into Leonard's house well you're
a very lucky woman
[Music]
you'd have to be careful
don't you think it's not for us to treat
ourselves hi sorry to bother you my name
is Miki real estate agent are you doing
this house isn't for sale
kind of had the feeling where me and
follow
[Music]
we don't need any of this this house
longs to us now I'm not gonna let
anybody take that away from us
I'm calling the police no these things
you never know how I can change someone
I would never hurt Leonard I know none
of this issue
[Music]
check outside
I gotta tell you something pal we still
got it you got every move though you
were tense I'm sore tonight Frenchie
believe me story for another time
who these three pigs were in were out
where you say you serious really yeah
who's this it's called a Carly no it's a
wheelchair with a real frenchie it's
clean it's quiet and ever smell like
your laughs on the inside all right we
have to first then Las Vegas does the
end of the shoe salesman know who he's
talking to
no it's possible around so you already
prepared the rebus let's have it if the
bad to mr. French
sure problem she gave it upward to easy
French okay
[Music]
thumping violence brothers I'm done and
with varnas what's that supposed to make
it beans no more hurt in my thumb man
[Music]
good job with the non-violence thing by
the way doing real good job that might
impressive
you